Key,UsedInMainMenu,Source,Context,Changes,English
modDyeCandyApple,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Candy Apple
modDyeSafetyOrange,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Safety Orange
modDyeLemonYellow,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Lemon Yellow
modDyeChartreuse,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Chartreuse
modDyeLimeGreen,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Lime Green
modDyeAquamarine,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Aquamarine
modDyeCyan,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Cyan
modDyeCobaltBlue,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Cobalt Blue
modDyeRoyalPurple,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Royal Purple
modDyeMagenta,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Magenta
modDyeSalmonPink,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Salmon Pink
modDyeJetBlack,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Jet Black
modDyeSilver,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Silver
modDyeGold,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Gold
modDyeBurgundy,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Burgundy
modDyeForestGreen,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Forest Green
modDyeIndigo,,item_modifiers,mod,newKey,Dye: Indigo

uberCookingDesc,,blocks,Block,newKey,Start cooking in a proper kitchen
uberCookingHelper,,blocks,Block,newKey,Cooking appliances for kitchen building
uberCookingModernOven,,blocks,Workstation,,Modern Oven
uberCookingOldStove,,blocks,Workstation,,Old Stove
uberCookingWoodStove,,blocks,Workstation,,Wood Burning Stove
uberCookingMicrowave,,blocks,Workstation,,Microwave
uberCookingToaster,,blocks,Workstation,,Toaster
uberCookingCoffeeBasic,,blocks,Workstation,,Coffee Maker
uberCookingCoffeePro,,blocks,Workstation,,Professional Coffee Maker
uberCookingCharcoalGrillClosed,,blocks,Workstation,,"Charcoal Grill (Closed)"
uberCookingCharcoalGrillOpen,,blocks,Workstation,,"Charcoal Grill (Open)"
uberCookingGasGrillClosed,,blocks,Workstation,,"Propane Grill (Closed)"
uberCookingGasGrillOpen,,blocks,Workstation,,"Propane Grill (Open)"

gunRifleT1HuntingRiflePartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Rifle Parts Schematic
meleeWpnSpearT3SteelSpearPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Steel Spear Parts Schematic
gunShotgunT1DoubleBarrelPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Shotgun Parts Schematic
meleeWpnClubT3SteelClubPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Steel Club Parts Schematic
meleeWpnSledgeT3SteelSledgehammerPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Steel Sledgehammer Parts Schematic
meleeWpnKnucklesT3SteelKnucklesPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Steel Knuckles Parts Schematic
gunMGT1AK47PartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Machine Gun Parts Schematic
gunBowT1WoodenBowPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Bow / Crossbow Parts Schematic
gunHandgunT1PistolPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Hand Gun Parts Schematic
meleeWpnBladeT3MachetePartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Machete Parts Schematic
meleeWpnBatonT2StunBatonPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Baton Parts Schematic
gunBotRoboticsPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Robotic Parts Schematic,
gunExplosivesT3RocketLauncherPartsSchematic,items,Gun,,,Rocket Launcher Parts Schematic
armorSteelSetPartsSchematic,items,Clothes,,,Steel Armor Parts Schematic
armorMilitarySetPartsSchematic,items,Clothes,,,Military Armor Parts Schematic